How much is a bowl?
What do you mean?
I think you look okay and can play
Make a price, you don't deserve it.
outrageous
What about the manager?
Mr. Lin
Call that waiter back to me
Qin Changan
Come here, Mr. Lin is calling you
What's the matter with the manager?
Mr. Lin, what are your orders?
I drank too much
Take me back today
Do you hear me? Send Mr. Lin home safely
I don't think he's had much to drink yet.
Very sober. What do you mean?
What do you mean, don't you understand?
Don't hit me
I'm not interested in you.
How can this be? I don't want to open your KTV anymore.
Mr. Lin Xino, Mr. Lin Xino
Qin Changan, do you want to quit?
Peking University people love swords and praise Shuai
I've heard that your words are superb
Ok then tell me
Where can I find the girl I'm looking for?
Three rates go to Jinhai Skyland KTV
Will wait until he appears
OK
Fine. I'll take him home.
Mr. Lin, please tell me if you have anything to do.
Keep patrolling
Weren't you pretty just now?
See how I play you tonight